---
layout: post
title: ASN.1 and LTE message
---

# {{ page.title }}

The standard ASN.1 coding rule includes:Basic Encoding Rules(**BER**), Canonical Encoding Rules(**CER**), Distinguished Encoding Rules(**DER**), XML Encoding Rules(**XER**), Packed Encoding Rules(**PER**), Generic String Encoding Rules(**GSER**)

###Example
    FooProtocol DEFINITIONS ::= BEGIN
        FooQuestion ::= SEQUENCE {
            trackingNumber INTEGER,
            question       IA5String
        }
        FooAnswer ::= SEQUENCE {
            questionNumber INTEGER,
            answer         BOOLEAN
        }
    END

###Data types
####Basic types
* **BIT STRING**, an arbitrary string of bits (ones and zeroes). 
* IA5String, an arbitrary string of IA5 (ASCII) characters. 
* **INTEGER**, an arbitrary integer. 
* **NULL**, a null value. 
* OBJECT IDENTIFIER, an object identifier, which is a sequence of integer components that identify an object such as an algorithm or attribute type. 
* **OCTET STRING**, an arbitrary string of octets (eight-bit values). 
* PrintableString, an arbitrary string of printable characters. 
* T61String, an arbitrary string of T.61 (eight-bit) characters. 
* UTCTime, a "coordinated universal time" or Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) value. 
####Structured types
* **SEQUENCE**, an ordered collection of one or more types. 
* **SEQUENCE OF**, an ordered collection of zero or more occurrences of a given type. 
* SET, an unordered collection of one or more types. 
* SET OF, an unordered collection of zero or more occurrences of a given type.
* **CHOICE**, specify a collection of distinct types from which to choose one type
* SELECTION, select a component type from a specified CHOICE type 
_Note: The **black** types is used in LTE_


[Type and Universal Tags](http://www.obj-sys.com/asn1tutorial/node124.html)



